[Music]
hey guys in today's movie recap we're
going to travel back in time
to save the future enjoy
[Music]
in 2044 the united states has suffered
economic collapse
causing severe social decay and growth
in organized crime in addition a strange
mutation has occurred in 10
of the population giving them minor
telekinetic powers
manifested by their ability to flow
small objects they refer to as
tks three years into the future time
travel will have been invented
but is immediately outlawed however due
to advanced tracking technology
crime bosses turn to time travel to send
their targets to the past the movie's
present to be killed by
loopers the victims have bags over their
heads and silver bars trapped to their
backs
this cozy job however comes at a price
the severe sanctions on time travel mean
that crime bosses eventually need to end
the looper's contract
and also eliminate any traces of their
working relationship
so they send their older version back to
the past to be killed by their younger
self
referred to as closing the loop which
each looper must do themselves
they're paid a handsome summon gold for
this joe simmons works for mafia compete
in kansas city as a looper
joe's boss abe was sent back in time to
manage the loopers and also owns a club
that joe frequents
he spends time getting jazzed up with
his girlfriend susie a showgirl
abe also controls the gatman his muscle
gap men are so named for their magnum
revolvers which has greater range and
accuracy than a looper's blunderbuss
shotgun
while at the club one evening another
looper announces that he has just closed
his loop
the big payoff in gold is reason to
party as joe continues his work
him the other loopers begin to notice
that loops are being closed at an
increasing rate
one night seth joe's friend and a fellow
looper visits him in a panic telling him
that he was supposed to close his own
loop but couldn't do it
seth shares that his victim appeared
singing a song his mother had sung to
him when he was a baby
knowing it was his future self he
couldn't kill him old seth tells
youngseth about a new crime boss called
the rainmaker
who has commenced the reign of terror in
the future the gatman then knocked on
joe's door
so he hides seth in his apartment floor
safe the gatman suspect joe is shielding
seth
so they take him to abe abe makes a deal
with joe if he gives up seth
he'll walk free if he doesn't they'll
take the silver he's been hoarding for
his retirement in france
joe reluctantly gives up seth abe
suggests joe go to china instead of
france
i'm from the future you should go to
china i'm going to france you're going
afterwards we see old seth attempting to
climb a barbed wire france
when he notices old scars appearing on
his arm telling him to be at an address
he ignores this and then one of his
fingers disappears shortly after
another finger is gone horrifyingly the
tip of his nose is next on the chopping
block
old seth returns to his car and heads
for the address he was given losing a
few more limbs along the way before
crawling up to a door
he bangs on a door and a gun sticks out
immediately shooting him and putting him
out of his misery
behind the shooter we can see young seth
being operated on while still alive
joe continues his duties and after each
job visits a diner where he practices
his french with one of the waitresses
named beatrix
while waiting to do one job he is
puzzled when the victim is past schedule
when the person does appear he has no
bag over his head joe recognizes old joe
as his older self and tries to shoot him
old joe spins around and uses the gold
on his back to deflect the bullet he
grabs a gold bar and throws it a joe
then knocks him out with a thudding
punch
joe comes too and finds a note telling
him to hop on a train and get out of
town
instead joe returns to his apartment
where he finds the gap men searching for
him and taking his hard-earned silver
he charges one of the gat men known as
kid blue and manages to trap him in the
floor safe
joe shouts to him that he's going to
close his loop but is forced to flee
once more
falling from his fire escape and
blacking out retreating to flashbacks
from old jill's perspective
joe closes his loop and moves to
shanghai per abe's advice
we step quickly through the next 30
years and see joe has a good retirement
however his continued drug use eats
through his funds rather quickly
and he must continue working with local
crime gangs to make ends meet
until he meets a beautiful caring woman
who helps him turn his life around
he marries her and settles down life is
good until the gap men come looking for
him
they bag him up tie him up and prepare
to send him back to the past
though he manages to slip the restraints
get his hood off and subdue his
attackers
attaboy he then jumps into the time
machine we see the previous events
unfold and watch all joe escape in joe's
truck
we watch as his memories begin to alter
to reflect young joe's actions
instead of fleeing he returned back to
his apartment all joe comes through his
backup and takes care of the foes before
rescuing youngjoe
he drops him off by train and disappears
once more we see him looking up some
cryptic numbers of the library which
turn up three pictures of babies and
their current whereabouts
then letters begin to form on his hand
and arm boljo finds himself at a diner
turns out the message spelled beatrix
which is the name of the waitress that
joe practices french with
old joe asks youngjoe how's french
lessons are going then says in french
when young joe doesn't understand old
joe says oh you'll get it eventually
obviously olgio tells him more about the
rainmaker he appeared out of nowhere and
single-handedly took control of all the
major crime syndicates within six months
he's responsible for mass executions and
vagrant purging and he ordered the
closing of all loops
old joe opens up about his wife and how
she's going to save youngjoe's corrupt
life
though all her good deeds are ultimately
rewarded by a bullet
when the gatman accidentally gunned her
down during joe's capture
shortly before this joe received a call
and was given the rainmaker's birth
records
old joe knows that in the present the
child who will grow up to become the
rainmaker is living in the same county
if he can kill the rainmaker then he'll
never be captured and his wife would
still be alive
all that is known about the rainmaker is
that he has a synthetic jaw
and watch his mother get murdered young
joe doesn't care about old joe or his
wife
and just wants to live out his own
destiny old joe manages to apprehend him
just before he attempts to shoot him
suddenly gatmen burst in young joe runs
off and snags a piece of the map
him and the gunman shoot at old joe as
he runs off then the gap men start
shooting at youngjoe
who also runs off for his failures kid
blue is relieved of his duties and
gets a smack on the wrist
youngjoe follows the coordinates to a
farmhouse owned by sarah who lives their
son
sid he's initially shoot off the
property by a gun toting sarah
but after he saves her from this guy she
takes him in
and helps him sober up when joe shows
sarah the map to confirm the location
she recognizes the digits and blasts joe
in the chest
fortunately the gun was loaded with rock
salt joe explains the situation
well except for the fact that the bad
guy is his older self it turns out sarah
knows a thing or two
about loopers and then she tells them
that the numbers are sid's birthday and
hospital number
they agree to work together to stop the
old man back to old joe
we see he's tracked down one of the
potential rainmaker children naturally
he kills him but when he realizes he's
still existing in the present he breaks
down crying
he has killed the wrong child he then
heads to another child's place but
hesitates when he realizes it's his old
girlfriend's child
instead of killing the child right away
he watches their apartment
meanwhile at the farm sarah tells hit to
stay away from joe but sid is curious
he befriends joe and shows him some of
his toys specifically
one that he beefs up with a bigger
battery to act as a transmitter for when
the bad guys come by
joe is very impressed by his smarts as
youngjoe and sarah become
close he learns that she is a
telekinetic with slightly more power
than other tks and that sid was raised
by sarah's sister for two years
until she was somehow killed sid thinks
sarah's sister is his real mother
we witness a terrifying scene where [ __ ]
becomes enraged at sarah
accusing her of being a liar she runs
off and hides in a safe until sid calms
down
afterwards she comforts him and he
apologizes the next day when the gap met
jess comes looking for joe sarah
realizes that they look
awfully similar sid helps him escape and
just leaves while sid and joe are alone
hiding
joe tells him how his own mother sold
him for drugs we see how being
motherless led joe to a life of crime
the next morning a suspicious jess
returns and holds sarah at gunpoint
before joe comes down the stairs
as joe tries to reason with jess sid
starts to come down the stairs
startled by jess sid falls down the
stairs and goes into a rage
he lets out a massive telekinetic blast
killing jess
his blood reigns out of his chest sid's
extraordinary telekinetic abilities
confirm to joe that he is indeed
the rainmaker he heads into the fields
looking for him but what he finds is
just a confused and sad little boy
he comforts him realizing that all this
boy needs his love to set him on the
right path
joe tells sarah and sid to flee
surmising that his employers and old joe
will soon arrive
meanwhile in an effort to win over abe
kid blue has tracked old joe to susie's
apartment and captures him when he
breaks inside to kill the child
prior to joe's capture abe has been
putting together a small army to invade
the farm
to his pleasant surprise kid blue pulls
up to the compound with the old joe in
hand
all is well and good until
yep old joe manages to break free and
goes on an absolute guns blazing rampage
killing everyone at sight including abe
though kid blue survives and spots the
map before heading out to take his
revenge
the two joes confront each other near
the farm ojo offers youngjoe the truck
full of gold which he looted from abe's
headquarters but he refuses
suddenly kid blue appears blindsiding
young joe things look dire before joe
outsmarts kid blue and finally puts an
end to his shenanigans
amidst the chaos ojo has fled in search
of sarah and sid the pair are attempting
to drive away when all joe starts
shooting at their truck
sid wants sarah to stop the truck but
instead she steps on the gas hoping to
run him over
sid gets scared and accidentally flips
the truck over with his tk powers
they managed to get out of the truck and
flee to the sugarcane field to hide
but all joe fires at sid grazing his
cheek
sid goes into another rage and uses his
blast of tk powers to suspend sarah and
old joe in the air
meanwhile youngjoe's in hot pursuit when
he gets blown away by the blast
sarah manages to calm sit down telling
him that she loves him and that
everything's gonna be okay
sarah hugs him and he calls her mom for
the first time old joe recovers and
grabs his gun
ready to shoot sid sarah tells him to
run and gets in front
acting as a shield as young joe looks on
he suddenly has an epiphany
he sees the path of anger and
desperation that old joe is about to put
sid on
he realizes that by shooting sarah and
wounding sid old joe creates the very
thing he's trying to destroy
in order to end this cycle of pain
youngjoe turns his gun on himself
within moments old joe disappears sarah
lovingly puts hit to bed
after bandaging up the wound on his
cheek she then goes back out to the
field and notices that the ground around
the overturned truck
is strewn with gold bars hell yeah she
walks over to young joe's body
and takes a moment to stroke his hair
hey guys thanks so much for watching
i can see that the community is growing
a ton now and that's all thanks to you
guys leaving comments and likes and
generally supporting the channel
and it also really keeps me motivated
this is the fourth video
of this week which is a record for me so
thanks again guys